[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with David Adair, a
space technology consultant,
and a retired field
officer from the Office
of Naval Intelligence.
Also joining us is
Tim, a tactical advisor
to covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet.
Welcome gentlemen.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Tim, from
your communications
with the Greys and
Being 6, what did you
learn about their
ancient technologies,
and how far did they go back?
>>TIM: Right.
What we've done is
a field experiment
where we try to communicate
with a version of the universe
in a higher
frequency, which means
it's a more experienced
version of this universe.
And by compressing
the frequencies,
we were able to communicate
with this version of us, which
is not a temporal line, but
it's more a line of experience.
So that's basically
meant by Being 6.
So what we've learned, one
of the oldest technologies--
and it's getting a
bit non-linear here-
>>EMERY: Sure, right.
>>TIM: Because time
is something that
stands in relation
to the observer,
which means everyone who has a
viewpoint in a temporal sense
can have a different
perception of time.
>>EMERY: Very well put, yes.
>>TIM: Right.
So what we've
learned from Being 6
is that one of the oldest
technologies that we see
from their viewpoint is
basically, for example,
the pyramids, which is from
our side of inside of time
seems to be like a
monumental structure.
But from their
perspective, it's something
that has an equivalent outside
of time and inside of time.
So you don't only have
the pyramids in that way,
but you also have in a reverse
opposite non-temporal sense,
a reverse pyramid
that overlays that.
And through that-- and
it's a bit complicated.
But through that,
the universe itself
is able to observe what's
happening in this field,
in this point of the universe.
Being 6 told us that
the universe at a higher
frequency and a higher
viewpoint is actually
looking for paradoxes.
And what it's seeing
here is actually
what we could define
as duality, which
means the philosophical but
also technical problem of what
is you, I, and everything else.
Being 6 stated that it needed
the pyramids in order--
and it plays on different
planets as well in order
to make this reality observable.
>>EMERY: David, you had powerful
insights from ancient tech.
What can you tell us about
your experiences Area 51?
>>DAVID ADAIR: Well, the
entity that I've dealt with
and still do live
with, it's old.
It's amazing that they're
even on a linear line.
You realize I've had this thing
with me for about 45 years.
So in time, little, short
bursts of conversation
to get them all strung together,
it's quite a bit of stuff.
And one of the first things I
was reminded in an abrupt way,
she said not everybody runs
on a Julius Caesar calendar.
And there was an
argument about that
because time is to us is so
linear where a creature lives
on a chronological timeline.
You're 12, 13, 14, 15, 16.
And she was trying to tell
me that that's really rare.
We didn't even think
such creatures existed
that could live like that.
I was sitting there, and I'm
like, well, how do you do it?
And they're unstuck in time.
They can go forwards,
backwards, present.
They live in all the moments.
And I'm going, God,
my, I'd be lost.
She said being a
human you would be.
>>EMERY: Did she ever mentioned
the evolution of where
she had originated from?
I mean were they
once maybe 3D humans?
>>ADAIR: I asked her over
the course of the time.
They don't respond to
questions immediately.
Like she explained to me,
she's waiting for her family
to come and get her.
I went, what?
What did you just say?
Yeah, she goes, when you
have a downed pilot, how
long does it take you to go in?
It's instant.
We're don't scramble.
We go.
We go get him in
the day if we can.
Well, she said the
same thing with us.
I said, it's been 45
years not everybody runs
on Julius Caesar
calendar, David.
What might be 45 years to
you is only a day to us.
Well, how old are you guys?
Well, it's in your years,
it's in the billions.
I went, the universe is
only known-- known universe
for about 15 billion.
Yeah, we're about 13.
So you've been hanging
around for a while?
She said, how do you
think I got to Earth?
I've been meaning to ask that.
How did you get here?
There was a war going on
between light and dark.
And she takes a blast from
this in the side of the ship
and penetrates all the
way into her engine
area, which I told you
the blaster looked at,
and down they come.
Well, she landed in what
she said was a big bowl.
And she settled there, came in.
She said, well, why Earth?
She goes, where are
you in the galaxy?
Well, we're on the
very outer edge.
So that'd be the first
thing you come into.
She said yeah, so I slid
in this big bowl, which I
think you call the Great Basin.
I went, Lord, mercy, that's
600 million years ago.
And she goes yeah, I
sat there all that time.
And then these crazy guys in
the blue suits came through.
They were digging a tunnel for
some kind of base, found me.
And I went, Lord,
have mercy, to--
been here for several
of your years.
But they're not getting
anywhere with anything.
And I'm going [SCRATCHES HEAD].
I said, OK, my brain
is shorting out here.
It can only take so much.
She said, I want
to go to Georgia.
We're in North Carolina.
I said, OK, what
are we going to see?
We're going to see the
Georgia Guidestones.
Do you know the
people who built that?
She goes, that's another story.
But she said that I want to go
down there before they're gone.
One of them has been dynamited.
It's gone.
They ain't there no more.
>>TIM: Who built them?
>>ADAIR: We don't know.
>>TIM: Oh, OK.
>>ADAIR: They've tried
and tried to find out.
And the right wing
down there believes
it's satanic and
devils and should
be destroyed, which
actually what it's proposing
all sounds good to me.
We've got too many
numbers on this planet.
8 billion is too much.
This planet's only designed
for at least three.
And we're going to
kill its resources,
just can't drain it to death.
But we went down and looked
at the Georgia Guidestones
before they got blown up.
She said, I want you to
take me on down to Conyers
to a place called
Rock Eagle Park.
And I'm going, where are
you getting all this?
Just do it.
So we get down there.
And I go down this Rock
Eagle Park, and I go--
she is, let's ask the question,
why is it called Rock Eagle?
OK, why is it?
So we go over this monument.
There's this big tower.
And we go up this tower, which--
this is years, decades
ago I was there.
We got to the top of
the tower, looked down,
and what looked like a
bunch of rocks on the ground
is a big eagle.
She says, now, go down
and read the sign.
So I go down, read the sign.
And it says--
I memorized it.
Tread softly here, white man,
cause long before ye ever
came strange races fought,
loved, and died here.
She said that's how I got here.
And I'm sitting there going,
this is thousands of years old.
They don't even know
where it originated from.
She says, well, I
was here before it.
It's Paleozoic years,
trilobites, 600 million years,
I guess you were.
And it's just kind of
hard to deal with--
stuff that comes out of there
is just a matter of fact,
but it just drops
you in your chair
because you realize this is
so beyond your understanding.
>>EMERY: Is the moon considered
ancient technology, Dave?
>>ADAIR: That's a whole
thing in itself, our moon.
I can sit here, and I
can drag out a blackboard
and show you mathematically
this body Earth
does not have the gravitational
mass to capture a moon that big
and hold it.
And then not only
hold it, hold it
in a tidal lock where
it can't even rotate.
That's nuts.
It can't do it.
But there it is.
There's also if you check with
Cherokee and the Hopi Indians,
they have history
before white man ever
showed up of moonless nights,
meaning the moon wasn't there.
It just showed up one
time, which I always
suspected that there's
something about our moon, man,
is just not normal.
And then--
>>EMERY: Are you telling me
it's moving under its own steam?
>>ADAIR: I think it was
parked here like an RV.
Somebody drove it here.
Then there's Neil Armstrong
and all his stuff.
They put seismographs
and plotters on the moon.
That was the first thing they
set out in their instruments.
Then they got up and fired
the upper section back
into the moon.
When it crashed, the moon
resonated like a bell.
And it rang for hours.
Then in the final
mission, the Apollo 16,
I think, they put rockets
on the ascent engine.
Drove it into the
moon really hard.
It rang for like three days.
Oh, that's great.
I wonder how the people inside
the moon appreciate that.
And that's the point--
that's what Pitholem asked me.
I went, oh, God, I didn't
even think about that.
They're not going to
be too happy about it.
And then ancient
technology, she said,
you've been throwing stuff
at the moon since the '50s.
Yeah, lunar Rover,
lunar Ranger, they
would fly in and
do a hard impact.
They were taking photos of where
we could have a landing site.
She said, well, do you realize
you left 400,000 pounds of junk
on the moon?
She goes there's 96
bags of feces up there.
Astronauts had to go somewhere,
and they tossed it out.
So imagine if you live inside
the moon, and up on your roof,
you've got somebody drop
400,000 pounds of junk.
Left it everywhere,
and you're saying
I want to come
back here and live.
Well, you walk over to
them to-- at Crater's Edge,
and you tell them,
well, guys, glad
you're enjoying the moon here.
Grab you some rock samples,
grab you some dust,
then pack your
stuff up and leave
and don't ever come
back here again.
And Neil had something
to say about that.
So this is all
ancient technology.
Yeah, the moon is
really ancient.
It's packing a lot of
knowledge in its existence.
And we don't know
anything about it.
And what did you hear from NASA
for years and years and years?
Go to Mars, go to
Mars, go to Mars.
Nobody ever said anything
about going back to the moon.
Mars is 42 million
miles one way.
Take a year to get
there, and don't even
know if you can walk
when you get there.
The moon is only
240,000 miles away.
You get there in three
days with chemical rockets.
Let's go back to the moon.
Oh, we know everything
about the moon.
Oh, do you really?
If you would take the area you
explored with the 6 landings,
coupled with the lunar
rovers running around,
you haven't even
explored an area
the size of the parking lot of
Mall of America in Minnesota.
Compare that to the continent of
North America times 2 backside.
That's all you know about
it, size of a parking lot.
How much have you seen?
Nothing.
And yet, we're supposed
to believe we're done,
and we're going
to go on to Mars.
No, there's something
going on with the moon they
don't want us to know about.
They, meaning the
government, NASA, whoever.
And then NASA, I saw
a tape not long ago,
got a thing up there that looks
like the St. Louis bridge.
But instead of 1,100
feet, it's three miles.
And what is it made of?
And then you got a thing,
it looks like a radar dish,
and a cannon barrel
sticking out.
What is that stuff made of?
It's smooth.
It's metallic-looking.
And NASA will not even send any
probes to look at these thing.
So as you know, I'm
going to Middle East.
I want to start a space program.
Got a budget big
enough to do it.
I'm going back to the moon.
And the first place I'm landing,
every one of those places
that NASA said don't land,
that's where we're going.
And we'll land drones on it.
And they'll be detailed enough.
If there's a door knob on
it, we'll see the door knob.
But what are these
things laying on that--
>>EMERY: Site.
>>ADAIR: Somebody
should look at them.
>>EMERY: Tim, what do
you think about that?
>>TIM: So basically, I
have two opinions on that.
So we asked the Greys about
the moon as well as Being 6.
And they both have very
different viewpoints
on the significance of the moon.
And I confirm you're
absolutely right that it's not
a natural occurring body.
>>ADAIR: It's not.
>>TIM: Right.
And you called it parked.
And basically, that's
what the Greys said.
So the one opinion from Being
6, from their viewpoint,
which is more zoomed
out of this reality,
it's kind of hard to grasp.
But they say it's a
way in order to create
a certain tube between
the sun and the Earth,
which is the reason why
the moon and the sun
align in the exact
same size of it.
And it creates such
a feedback field
that between the sun as the
expression of the source where
we all come from, which in
this version of the universe
is light basically,
is being reflected
so that the Earth in
itself in the middle of it
can sustain life.
And it creates a field
where we are basically
denaturalized and blocked
away from getting back
into super consciousness.
So we have-- we can
experience this duality.
So this is basically the answer
that we got from Being 6.
And both indicate that the
significance of the moon
is huge.
So the Greys called
the key to ascension.
They said it's a technology,
a craft, which they indicated
came from somewhere in,
I guess, Andromeda galaxy
or something, because from their
viewpoint, all life on Earth
is basically more or
less like an experiment.
So it's been raised, and it--
the moon creates the
cycles that is necessary
in order to have sustainable
life forms on the planet.
>>EMERY: Are you saying this is
an extraterrestrial technology
that creates a finite
for humans to survive?
>>TIM: It's creating a
sort of a sustainable
field where life is possible
in order to perceive itself.
So that is basically the
answer that we got back.
>>EMERY: Holy scriptures and
cultures around the world
depict these anomalous
phenomena coming out
from the skies, the
heavens, they say.
What would you say about that?
>>ADAIR: When there's
that much smoke,
there's the fire somewhere.
There's some hard
realities to this stuff.
There's so many things that's
referenced in scriptures,
and we don't have any
today's examples of.
What I found amazing is about--
in the scriptures, the people
that witnessed all the stuff,
and they had to see
it multiple times.
Brother, just one
would be enough for me.
I'd be a believer.
Oceans part, and they
let you walk through.
That will do it.
Yep, yep, there's
something up there.
Something's going on.
And we just almost like--
I don't know if it's
ignorance or we just
refuse to believe
it, because it'll
challenge you to think
so far outside your box.
>>EMERY: And plus
back then, they
didn't have the definitions
and descriptions.
That's why they would
do artwork or carvings.
>>ADAIR: Well, in
related terms to them.
Erich Von Daniken did a
good job of explaining that.
Well, they say chariots
might have been spacecrafts.
Today, we'd say spacecraft.
Back then, they'd say chariots.
There's so much unknown
stuff in our history.
It's hundreds of thousands
of years just blank.
We don't know what
happened, lost history.
Then you run into
forbidden archaeology.
And I used to laugh
at that until I
started looking at some of it.
And folks, I can't explain it.
How do you have a
hammer laying there?
The head is cast iron.
The wooden handle is
so old it's petrified.
Who in God's name was pouring
iron back in casting hammerhead
50,000 years ago?
>>EMERY: During the
Jurassic, right?
>>ADAIR: Yeah, like
Og, the cavemen,
had a smelt going
on in his cave.
None of this is making sense.
But there it is.
And you're looking at it.
You're not even allowed
to talk about it.
That's the first
red flag for me,
is when authorities
of your time won't
let you even talk
about something,
there's something up then.
>>EMERY: Right.
What do you think, Tim?
Do you have anything
to add to that?
>>TIM: What I think that--
there's absolute truth
to it that if you compare
many civilizations around
the globe and their history,
you can see that they
all speak about people
coming from the stars.
They have the
connection to the stars.
You can see that with the Hopi.
I guess you mentioned
them, right?
So we have that in the
Germanic tribe culture.
We're talking about the people
that come in from the stars
and being superior beings.
And from that,
derives the word ace.
So we still say if someone
is literally a star,
then we say like,
hey, he's an ace.
He's some flying
ace or something.
So that links to this
species, whoever they were.
So we have lots and
lots of evidence
that cultures have been in
contact with civilizations that
were coming from the stars.
But we also have this
interesting effect,
which is coming
into existence when
we interact with species
or life forms that
are in a higher frequencial
level of existence
that we have surreal
effects on reality.
So because our
consciousness is constantly
projecting outside and
inside information,
and we are creating why
we're perceiving on the way.
So basically, something
that could be super surreal
and something that
could appear in the sky
can be manifested in
quite a literal way
if enough observable
consciousness units project
this thing into existence.
So reality would
respond to that.
>>EMERY: Right.
I like what you said
about their perception,
because it's through
different timelines
and different civilizations
of how someone would look
at something from the heavens.
Many researchers say that
the Ark of the Covenant
is an actual technology because
of its radioactive properties.
What do you guys think?
>>ADAIR: We need to get hold
of the thing and find out.
That's me.
That's the science in me.
Touch it, feel it,
grab hold on it.
Of course, if you grab hold of
that thing, you'll drop dead.
There's something
up with all that.
And like I said, an
awful lot of smoke,
got to be a fire somewhere.
And the description
they gave was amazing.
If written thousands
of years ago--
and it sounds like somebody
had written it post-Japan
of radiation burns,
radiation sickness,
hair and teeth falling
out, burns from--
no flame, but from
something else.
And I thought,
that's pretty clear.
That's an ancient
technology that's
having to be interpreted
in our today's terms.
But God knows what
else is laying out
there, the things we
hadn't even seen yet.
And there is stuff still buried
that we haven't found yet.
I know.
I know as soon as
I'm sitting here.
>>EMERY: There's technology
too that surrounds that.
I don't know if you
want to get into-
>>ADAIR: It does.
>>EMERY: Some of the projects
that we're working on right
now, you and I. And to see
the energy fields around these
technologies-
>>ADAIR: And it's real.
>>EMERY: That are
extraterrestrial is
real and measurable.
>>ADAIR: And that's
the thing about--
we think it's radiation,
hair and teeth falling out
and stuff.
But what would if you put
a Geiger counter on it,
you get nothing?
Well, that means it's not real?
No, it means your Geiger
counter can't read it.
It's in some other form, and
it's-- but the human body is
reacting to it.
So yeah, I wouldn't just be
smug people saying, well,
you can't get a
radiation reading.
It's not there.
Well yeah, you want to go over
there and put your life on it?
Go step out there, and when
you glow in the dark tonight,
I'll tell you about it.
>>EMERY: There are many
remote viewers out there
who have remote viewed of
the Ark of the Covenant
and see this pulse of
energy emanating from it.
What do you think that is?
>>ADAIR: I have no
idea, other than it's
a technology we
are to learn yet.
I get irritated
with physicists who
tell me that our atomic
code is absolute.
I'm going, man, what rock
have you been living under?
I said, you're telling me
that 123 elements we got,
whatever the number
is, that's it?
We're lucky to have volume
1 of an entire encyclopedia
of elements.
We just haven't
went out far enough
to find the other elements.
There very well may be
a dilithium crystal.
We don't know.
As far as crystals go,
from what ancient contacts
we seem to have
had with them, they
seem to pack a
pretty good punch.
There's something going
on with that crowd.
Just like I said, we
need to get hold of it,
drag it out and look at it, and
stop forbidden technologies,
forbidden not--
man, what is wrong with
that, with everything?
>>EMERY: It should
all be available.
>>ADAIR: Assume it's real.
Well, if it's real, guess what?
That's Gods cell phone,
and it's still running.
Imagine what kind of phone calls
you can make on that thing?
You want to call God?
Stuff like that, just--
yeah, let's jump into it
and see if it is real.
I think a lot of
people are afraid of it
and they should be
because that means
a lot of the things you've
been dismissing might be real.
All these people who
see UFOs, and everybody
makes fun of them.
Well, it ain't funny anymore.
There's just been
too much evidence.
>>TIM: There are real.
>>ADAIR: You got better evidence
of UFOs existing than you
do that Christ existed.
Now, people might strike me
down and smite that devil,
but it's the truth.
And yet, 2000 years later,
Jesus is still here,
UFOs are still here.
Simply because you
don't believe it,
doesn't mean it's not there.
>>EMERY: So these other
avatars on our planet
that we look up to like Krishna,
Jesus, do you think these
are actual extraterrestrials?
>>ADAIR: I'll answer it
on a historical level.
We used-- for the longest time
didn't think Troy ever existed.
We not only found Troy.
We found seven Troys
where it's been
burnt down, built up,
seven times in a row.
And somewhere on the
fifth or sixth level,
they found this set of jewelry.
Guess who it belonged to?
Helen of Troy.
So that was huge news.
Why is that so huge?
Because if those jewels
and Helen was real,
then she ran around with
a dude named Achilles.
Now, if Achilles is real,
that's jaw-dropping.
Well, why so?
He's a demigod,
half of him human,
the other half godlike from
the Mount Olympus crowd.
>>EMERY: Or possibly
extraterrestrial.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, exactly.
And he was the one that said--
I'm paraphrasing here, but the
gods are jealous of us, humans.
Why?
Because any moment, we can
have a safe dropped on us
or a piano, and we're dead.
Everything we have
would end instantly.
And believe me, there
is truth to this phrase.
I've been there.
You're never more alive than
when you're about to die.
Your sensory-- and now,
physiological scientists
will tell you there's
a reason for that.
When you're going
through a car wreck,
you remember everything
in slow motion,
because the human brain cannot
take in what's happening.
It's so horrendous.
It slows it down to slow motion.
And that's why that
functions that way.
>>EMERY: The adrenaline
gets pushed in so fast-
>>ADAIR: Exactly.
>>EMERY: That you shoot,
instead of 24 frames a second-
>>ADAIR: And the brain
>>EMERY: Like 10
more frames more.
>>ADAIR: Yeah, and
the brain can't--
>>EMERY: And that's
>>ADAIR: Said, no,
we can't do that.
>>EMERY: And that's how that--
>>ADAIR: We're going to drop
back to 8 frames per second,
so you can least
see what's going on.
And that's why your
memories are in slow motion.
So physiological proof
the stuff is working.
See, if you proved that Achilles
is real, now, you've got-- now,
you're saying all the gods
of Mount Olympus is real
and the Iliad and Odyssey,
all that happened for real.
There were these things
running, Cyclops,
all this stuff was real.
And yet, everybody just
blew past the finding
of Troy and her necklace just
like it was with nothing.
That was huge.
It's hammering on the
door that the other things
might be possible.
>>EMERY: Why do you think
the God Shiva is always
depicted as a blue being, Tim?
>>TIM: We actually
asked that and--
so on the Jesus question, we
do have controversial feedback
and information,
because on the one hand,
we find information that it
could be a kind of astronomical
constellation.
It's mixed with different
myths around the world
and different other stories.
So it evolves kind of.
We asked Being 6
about Jesus, he, she,
it, they, us, stated
that Jesus, indeed,
was a historical
figure, and that
Jesus itself was a visitor
to this Earth, which
is no surprise because we
all kind of are visitors
to this Earth.
So we incarnate.
We reincarnate.
This is basically how this
version of the universe
works in duality.
So we get a lot of different
information on Jesus.
But the other thing,
which is Vishnu Shiva--
and you basically find a lot of
blue beings around the world.
So it's--
>>EMERY: Yes, I've noticed.
>>TIM: Right.
It's not only limited to India.
But you see there's
a lot of them.
And what we've seen and
what has been explained
to me by the technician is that
if you compress frequencies--
so the universe,
one of the models
is that it's arranged
in frequencies,
in frequencial harmonics.
And its light is ranging from
a certain color spectrum.
So it goes from red over to a
purple color, which indicates
the wavelengths of frequencies.
If you compress
and/or expand it,
you change the color of things.
So interestingly enough,
Being 6 itself, if you see it,
it's blue, crisp, light
being that you can perceive.
It's more crisp
than reality itself.
It's like a 4K version
of reality, which
is kind of interesting to see.
But different people
with different mindsets
have different
impressions of this being.
I've invited a
good friend of mine
to one of the long
forgotten but very
holy sites in Germany,
which has a long history
in Germanic spirituality.
And due to natural
occurring energies,
the compression takes place
at certain times of the year.
So you can make contact
to basically Being 6
there on your own
if you know how
to do it and go around the right
place and the right time, which
is basically what
our ancestors would
have done at that time
in order to communicate.
And as I have seen
Being 6, again,
as this blue, crisp
geometrical form of crisp data,
my friend has seen
a human figure.
And next time, I saw him,
he was super impressed.
And he'd changed all his
perception, his perception
of life and everything.
And next time I
came to his home,
he had all these
posters of Indian gods
hanging at the wall.
>>EMERY: That's great.
>>TIM: And I said
like, what's that?
And he was like, I
looked up the internet.
I was searching for something
that resembles that.
And this is the
closest I've seen.
It's a blue figure.
I don't know what that is.
He has no idea
about Indian gods.
And I then realized, of course,
if Indians have been in contact
with the higher
version of ourselves,
a higher frequencial
version of ourselves--
you could say God,
but it's not God.
It's just a more
experienced version
compressed due to natural flows,
then it radiates a blue shine.
And everything that
you see becomes blue.
So that is the
explanation why you
have all these bluish figures
all around the globe that
are being portrayed.
>>ADAIR: They might be
blue because they're
moving away from you.
Now, think about
that for a minute.
>>EMERY: I am.
>>ADAIR: When you talk about
frequencies and compression
and all that stuff,
a lot of people
will think people running
around with aluminum
hats on their heads and
all this kind of crap.
That may be, but there's
also another side.
In the compression
of wavelengths,
how can we tell the
universe is expanding?
How can we tell the
moon is moving away
from us or toward us?
It's moving away.
Why?
Because the wavelengths
we send out is extending.
If it extends, it's blue.
It's moving away from you.
If it was red, it's
moving toward you.
It's compressing.
So all this stuff that's
blue, I would say maybe it's
moving away from us.
But this is hard science.
This is not foo-foo stuff.
This is how we
measure the distance
between the Earth, the moon,
the planets, stars, sun,
everything.
And we do it by wavelength.
And when they extend
outward, they turn blue.
And when they're compressed
on the light spectrum,
a little thing you shine light
through that's the triangle,
it becomes red, which
means it's getting smaller.
So that's real science.
That's as real science
as you can get.
And so you apply it to
something like this,
maybe it's trying to
tell us something.
It's moving away from us.
In what graphic text that
could be, I don't know.
>>EMERY: Well, wrapping
up this episode, fellows,
we talked about all
this ancient technology,
possibly extraterrestrial,
of course.
Do we know anything
about where it came from?
What were the-- who are the
beings behind this technology,
and might they be here today?
>>ADAIR: The question
I would have for them--
>>EMERY: And we know
you have technology
living in you right now.
>>ADAIR: Right.
>>EMERY: I get that.
>>ADAIR: And the question
I have even for--
I even asked Pitholem,
what do you, want from us?
What do you want us to do?
What do you want us
to know or learn?
Obviously, there's a
want there of some kind.
They're wanting us
to do something.
And I don't think
we're very good at it,
but I think we're trying
to learn something here.
Sometimes asking the right
questions is the first step.
We're just not picking up on it.
>>EMERY: What do you
think, Tim, who's
behind these extraterrestrial
technologies?
>>TIM: Well, I've not yet met
anyone who could answer that
question, considering
those traces of historical
technological content that
reaches out more than--
yeah, let's say 15,000,
20,000 years or something.
It seems to be of high interest.
So there are basically
things going on at the poles
right now.
So you can see that people are
basically waiting for the ice
to melt in order to get
whatever they would find there.
I'm yet under the impression
that people do not really
know what's going to pop up.
And certainly, I've not
come across the answer
who put it there.
There might be some evidence
that this Earth appears
in cycles, which means there
might be a previous version
to Earth that has run out.
And whoever visited
live, visited
Earth at that version of
Earth and however they
looked like went on.
And now, it got recycled.
And now, it inhabits humans,
but still some traces of history
seems to reappear.
It's left behind.
So this is a theory, but I
guess we don't have an answer,
and we need to find out.
>>EMERY: That's an
interesting theory.
Well, it's been an amazing
meeting here with you guys.
And I just--
I love the subject
content that we had today,
because it's very enjoyable.
And I want to thank you,
David, for being on the show.
>>ADAIR: Sure, for being here.
>>EMERY: And Tim,
thank you so much.
>>TIM: Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
>>SPEAKER: Next, on
Cosmic Disclosure.
>>EMERY: Is time
travel theoretical
or is it already
happening, David?
>>ADAIR: Is it possible?
Yes.
Is it probable?
Probably not.
>>TIM: Has it been done?
Yes.
There are other
species that do not
have this impression
of time that we have.
So they basically can decide
what time they want to live in.
>>ADAIR: If they want to
mess up their timeline,
to go right ahead.
Just don't bother us.